README.md, before:

# Fettle

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/mdy537c3f6rjtlht/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/oliwennell/fettle/branch/master) [![nuget](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Fettle.Console)](https://nuget.org/packages/Fettle.Console/)

Fettle is an experimental [mutation testing](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/What-Is-Mutation-Testing) tool for C#.  

## Prerequisites

Right now Fettle can mutation-test your project if you use:
* .NET Framework 4.x
* NUnit framework 3.x (version 3.10 or higher recommended)

## Getting Started

To start using Fettle, see the [getting started guide](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Getting-Started).  
To build from source, see the [developer guide](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Developer-Guide).

## Features

Fettle comes with some optimisations to make mutation testing faster:
* It will [perform test impact analysis](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Coverage-Analysis) on your project to try and find the subset of tests to run for a given piece of source-code.
* It can be configured to [only mutate your local changes](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Mutating-Modifications-Only) rather than your entire code-base.

## More Info

If you're having problems running Fettle see the [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Troubleshooting).  
If you're still having issues feel free to get in touch on the [gitter page](https://gitter.im/fettle-mutation-testing/Lobby#) or create an issue.

There's also a [list of supported mutations](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Supported-Mutations).

## Built With

Fettle relies on some awesome .NET projects which include:
* [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn)
* [NUnit](https://github.com/nunit/)
* [Paket](https://github.com/fsprojects/Paket)
* [FAKE](https://github.com/fsharp/FAKE)

## Contributing

This is an experimental project run within [comparethemarket](https://tech.comparethemarket.com/?) / [BGL Group](https://www.bglgroup.co.uk/). If you are stuck, or keen to help, then please get in touch on the [gitter page](https://gitter.im/fettle-mutation-testing/Lobby#) or open an issue.

Note that we have [a code of conduct](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Authors

[Oli Wennell](https://github.com/oliwennell) did the initial work and is the project's maintainer.  
Here's a list of the [lovely people](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/graphs/contributors) that have helped the project by contributing.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to:
* The authors of the other mutation testing tools out there for inspiration.
* [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth) for their [README template](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2).
* [Contributor covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) for their code of conduct.

Commit message:

:memo: Updated prereq. to mention custom test runners (#58)

README.md, after:

# Fettle

[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/mdy537c3f6rjtlht/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/oliwennell/fettle/branch/master) [![nuget](https://buildstats.info/nuget/Fettle.Console)](https://nuget.org/packages/Fettle.Console/)

Fettle is an experimental [mutation testing](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/What-Is-Mutation-Testing) tool for C#.  

## Prerequisites

Fettle can mutate C# code that runs on the .NET Framework (Mono or .NET Core are not supported).  

If your tests use NUnit 3, Fettle will use them by default (version 3.10 or higher recommended).  

Or if you use another framework, or need to run them in a special way, then you can use a [custom test runner command](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Custom-Test-Runners).

## Getting Started

To start using Fettle, see the [getting started guide](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Getting-Started).  
To build from source, see the [developer guide](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Developer-Guide).

## Features

Fettle comes with some optimisations to make mutation testing faster:
* It will [perform test impact analysis](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Coverage-Analysis) on your project to try and find the subset of tests to run for a given piece of source-code.
* It can be configured to [only mutate your local changes](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Mutating-Modifications-Only) rather than your entire code-base.

## More Info

If you're having problems running Fettle see the [troubleshooting guide](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Troubleshooting).  
If you're still having issues feel free to get in touch on the [gitter page](https://gitter.im/fettle-mutation-testing/Lobby#) or create an issue.

There's also a [list of supported mutations](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/wiki/Supported-Mutations).

## Built With

Fettle relies on some awesome .NET projects which include:
* [Roslyn](https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn)
* [NUnit](https://github.com/nunit/)
* [Paket](https://github.com/fsprojects/Paket)
* [FAKE](https://github.com/fsharp/FAKE)

## Contributing

This is an experimental project run within [comparethemarket](https://tech.comparethemarket.com/?) / [BGL Group](https://www.bglgroup.co.uk/). If you are stuck, or keen to help, then please get in touch on the [gitter page](https://gitter.im/fettle-mutation-testing/Lobby#) or open an issue.

Note that we have [a code of conduct](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Authors

[Oli Wennell](https://github.com/oliwennell) did the initial work and is the project's maintainer.  
Here's a list of the [lovely people](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/graphs/contributors) that have helped the project by contributing.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/ComparetheMarket/fettle/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details

## Acknowledgements

Thanks to:
* The authors of the other mutation testing tools out there for inspiration.
* [PurpleBooth](https://github.com/PurpleBooth) for their [README template](https://gist.github.com/PurpleBooth/109311bb0361f32d87a2).
* [Contributor covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/) for their code of conduct.
